This is unit one of Pimsleur's French One.
Listen to this French conversation.
In the next few minutes, you'll learn not only to understand this conversation, but
to take part in it yourself.
Imagine an American man sitting on a train across from a French woman.
He wants to begin a conversation, so he says, excuse me.
The French speaker is going to repeat this part by part, starting from the end.
You are to repeat each part after him, trying to make your pronunciation sound
exactly like his.
Be sure you repeat aloud.
How do you say excuse me in French?
Excusez-moi.
Now he wants to ask her if she understands English.
First, the word English.
Listen and repeat.
L'anglais.
How do you say English?
Now say the same word, leaving off the L sound at the beginning.
Anglais.
Now again with the L sound.
L'anglais.
The difference is that when the L sound is off, you're saying English, and when
it's on, you're saying the English.
Most of the time, the L sound will be there in French, even when the word the
is not there in English.
Once again, say English.
L'anglais.
Say excuse me.
Excusez-moi.
You should repeat after the speaker gives the right response, trying to make your
pronunciation sound like his.
Excusez-moi.
Say again English.
L'anglais.
Now he wants to ask, do you understand?
Here's the word understand.
Comprenez.
Repeat, part by part.
Né.
Prenez.
Comprenez.
Say understand.
Here's how to say you understand.
Listen and repeat.
Vous comprenez.
Say you understand.
Do you remember how to say English?
L'anglais.
Say you understand.
Vous comprenez.